there she is right there that's me
Thermopolis glamour romance babe Mia
Thermopolis had it off but only in her
dreams as always this is as good as it's
gonna get her real life was completely
ordinary your way tense but now
something's about to happen
your grandmother call this is the first
time she's ever contacted us but you
want that will change everything I am
Queen of Genovia woman you are princess
shut up just in case I'm a little
freaked already I can teach you to walk
talk sit stand like a princess let the
work begin
we don't slump like this it's a question
of taste
princesses never cross their legs in
public one ankle behind the other a
matter of grace what kind of dancing do
where is the beautiful girl
my granddaughter Amir and a chance
attack to make all her dreams come true
only Paula can take this and give you
[Music]
much better
Walt Disney Pictures presents and
Hathaway and Academy Award winner Julie
Andrews do you think she can do it I
[Music]
have no doubt
The Princess Diaries I would like to
propose a toast
[Music]